I'm good. I'm good. I've seen your morning woman. Go. Go.
But one more. Please.
It's sensitive. Right? You wrote.
You think that is what real love looks like?
Come on. What are you doing here?
Oh, you really know how to write them all, don't you?
I asked you a question. Just answer it.
Let me ask you a question.
If you don't believe in love, do you believe in faith?
Fuck no.
Well, is there anything you do believe in?
I'm asking the questions here, okay?
Bye, you hotshot.
I'll answer you.
You see, I actually am not here.
I'm upstairs waiting for you.
Meingling?
You dare to show your face here?
We were friends once.
You and I, back when the chrysot wolves roamed.
Well, things don't last forever.
Especially when you trust Blake Hunter.
Blake did that?
No, not directly.
But it's responsible for it.
You feel it, don't you?
Your heartbeat has slowed, your senses are tightened,
and your nerves are tingling, and that smell.
Oh, that smell of pine wood and coniferous destroying us together.
What is this?
I think you know.
Your dead!
Bye!